Create manual voting guide (#208)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: docs/docs-user/governance/voting.mdx

Follow the steps described below to vote on a proposal of the Lisk DAO.
The Lisk DAO uses [Tally](https://www.tally.xyz/gov/lisk) to facilitate the voting on proposals. 

The process in a nutshell:
1. Go to [Lisk DAO](https://www.tally.xyz/gov/lisk) and connect your wallet to Tally. 
2. Navigate to the [Lisk DAO proposals](https://www.tally.xyz/gov/lisk/proposals) page.
  <img src={voteList}/>
3. Select the active proposal you would like to vote on.
4. Click on the `Vote` button in the upper right corner of the page.
  <img src={voteButton}/>
5. In the Voting pop up, choose your vote — For, Against, or Abstain.
If you'd like, add a comment to explain the reason for your vote to the rest of your DAO.
Once you're done, click `Submit`.
  <img src={voteForm} width="50%"/>
6. Confirm and sign the transaction via your connected wallet.

## Voting without Tally

It is crucial that members of the Lisk DAO can interact with the DAO at any point in time, even when Tally, the standard front end for the Lisk DAO, is down.
Most importantly, voting and delegating should always be possible by interacting directly with the smart contract.
How to vote manually is described below.

> For a guide how to delegate your voting power manually, see the [Delegation](delegation) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a guide on how to delegate your voting power manually, see the [Delegation](delegation) page.
```

### Prerequisites

You must know the **proposal ID** of the proposal you want to vote for.
The proposal ID is a very long integer (uint256).
To get the ID for a proposal, get the respective Logs from an RPC node:

```javascript
async function main() {
    const { ethers } = require("ethers"); 
    const provider = new ethers.JsonRpcProvider("https://rpc.api.lisk.com"); 
    const logs = await provider.getLogs({
        fromBlock: 568778, // block when Governor contract got deployed
        toBlock: 'latest',
        address: "0x58a61b1807a7bDA541855DaAEAEe89b1DDA48568", // L2Governor Proxy
        topics:['0x7d84a6263ae0d98d3329bd7b46bb4e8d6f98cd35a7adb45c274c8b7fd5ebd5e0'] // signature of `ProposalCreated` event
    });
    console.log(logs);
}
 
main()
```

> The return value is an array of logs, where each log corresponds to one proposal (creation) and for each log one gets also the corresponding transaction hash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The return value is an array of logs, where each log corresponds to one proposal (creation) and has the corresponding transaction hash.
```

### Prerequisites

You must know the proposal ID of the proposal you want to vote for.
The proposal ID is a very long integer (uint256).

### Steps
1. Go to the `Write proxy` tab on the L2Governor proxy contract on Blockscout: https://blockscout.lisk.com/address/0x58a61b1807a7bDA541855DaAEAEe89b1DDA48568?tab=write_proxy.
2. If your wallet is not already connected to Blockscout, click on `Connect wallet` and follow the instructions to connect your wallet[^1].
  <img src={voteConnect}/>
3. Click on `3. castVote` to unfold the form for the castVote function.
  <img src={voteSelect}/>
4. Insert the proposal ID of the proposal you want to vote on into the field `proposalId (uint256)*`.
5. Fill the `support (uint8)*` field as follows:
  - If you want to vote **against** the proposal, insert `0`.
  - If you want to vote **for** the proposal, insert `1`.
  - If you want to vote with **abstain**, insert `2`.
6. Click on the `Write` button.
  <img src={voteSubmit}/>
7. Confirm the transaction in your wallet.

To verify the vote was submitted correctly, you can check the `VoteCast` event of your transaction.

> [^1]: At the time of writing, there is an issue with connecting MetaMask to Blockscout on Firefox;

Reviewer 2: same as above: one could link to the issue

### Prerequisites

You must know the **proposal ID** of the proposal you want to vote for.
The proposal ID is a very long integer (uint256).
To get the ID for a proposal, get the respective Logs from an RPC node:

```javascript
async function main() {
    const { ethers } = require("ethers"); 
    const provider = new ethers.JsonRpcProvider("https://rpc.api.lisk.com"); 
    const logs = await provider.getLogs({
        fromBlock: 568778, // block when Governor contract got deployed
        toBlock: 'latest',
        address: "0x58a61b1807a7bDA541855DaAEAEe89b1DDA48568", // L2Governor Proxy
        topics:['0x7d84a6263ae0d98d3329bd7b46bb4e8d6f98cd35a7adb45c274c8b7fd5ebd5e0'] // signature of `ProposalCreated` event
    });
    console.log(logs);
}
 
main()
```

> The return value is an array of logs, and for each log one gets also the corresponding transaction hash.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The return value is an array of logs, where each log corresponds to one proposal (creation) and for each log one gets also the corresponding transaction hash.
```

```javascript
[
  Log {
    provider: JsonRpcProvider {},
    // highlight-next-line
    transactionHash: '0xc2663d2ffc0c6082e8766a18879972692515f37c02c97b193776f4b9b6bb71c3',
    blockHash: '0x5710e760423b493ad5eb644c1a4e2ee4e95f3b5da1675c80a9d1bbf421832186',
    blockNumber: 3952205,
    // ...
  }
]
```
The transaction hash can then be pasted into [Blockscout](https://blockscout.lisk.com/) to see more details of the proposal.

> To see the proposal ID, click on the `Logs` tab and look for the `proposalId` field in the `ProposalCreated` event.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To see if the proposal is the one you are looking for, click on the `Logs` tab and look for the `ProposalCreated` event. If the values, in particular the ones for `description`, `voteStart` and `voteEnd`, match with the proposal you want to on, then it is the right one. To get the proposal ID, copy the value of the field `proposalId`.
```

]
```
The transaction hash can then be pasted into [Blockscout](https://blockscout.lisk.com/) to see more details of the proposal.

> To see if the proposal is the one you are looking for, click on the `Logs` tab and look for the `ProposalCreated` event. If the values, in particular the ones for `description`, `voteStart` and `voteEnd`, match with the proposal you want to on, then it is the right one. To get the proposal ID, copy the value of the field `proposalId`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To see if the proposal is the one you are looking for, click on the `Logs` tab and look for the `ProposalCreated` event. If the values, in particular the ones for `description`, `voteStart` and `voteEnd`, match with the proposal you want to vote on, then it is the right one. To get the proposal ID, copy the value of the field `proposalId`.
```

Reviewer 2: sorry, it was introduced by me
